website: add how-to guide for runtimevar (#2384)
google/go-cloud: internal/website/content/howto/runtimervar/runtimevar.md

> ---

Reviewer: This could all be placed into _index.md.

Author: Good point. I was thinking we could add more stuff later, but maybe YAGNI

title: "Fetching the latest value of a variable"
date: 2019-06-18T15:46:26-07:00
---

Working with runtime variables using the Go CDK takes two steps:

1. Open the variable with the `runtimevar` provider of your choice.
2. As many times as needed, use the `Latest` or `Watch` methods to fetch the
   value of the variable.

## Constructors versus URL openers

The easiest way to open a variable is using [`runtimevar.OpenVariable`][] and a

> URL pointing to the variable. See the [documentation on URLs][] for more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
URL pointing to the variable. See [Concepts: URLs][] for more
```

details. If you need fine-grained control over the connection settings, you can
call the constructor function in the driver package directly (like

> `awsparamstore.OpenVariable`). This guide will show how to use both forms for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`awsparamstore.OpenVariable`). This guide shows how to use both forms for
```

each storage provider.

> [documentation on URLs]: {{< ref "/concepts/urls.md" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Concepts: URLs]: {{< ref "/concepts/urls.md" >}}
```

[`runtimevar.OpenVariable`]:
https://godoc.org/gocloud.dev/runtimevar#OpenVariable

> ## GCP Runtime Configurator {#rc-url}

Reviewer: Optional: Consider using GCP/AWS/Azure for these fragments, since these acronyms aren't well-accepted.

```suggestion
## GCP Runtime Configurator {#gcp-url}
```
